log-backup: update version check for pitr (#10453)
pingcap/docs: br/point-in-time-recovery.md

- During the backup process, do not exchange partition. For details, refer to [Executing the Exchange Partition DDL during PITR recovery](/br/pitr-troubleshoot.md#what-should-i-do-if-an-error-occurs-when-executing-the-exchange-partition-ddl-during-pitr-log-restoration).
- Do not restore the log backup data of a certain time period repeatedly. If you restore the log backup data of a range `[t1=10, t2=20)` repeatedly, the restored data might be inconsistent.
- For other known limitations, refer to [PITR Known Issues](/br/pitr-known-issues.md).

### Version compatibility check

> In v6.3.0, backup files generated after PITR are compressed in a new manner and small files are merged before being stored (to solve problems caused by too many small files). However, this causes forward compatibility issues. See the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v6.3.0, backup files generated after PITR are compressed in a new method. Small files are merged before being stored (to solve problems caused by too many small files). However, this causes backward compatibility issues. See the following table:
```

> In v6.3.0, backup files generated after PITR are compressed in a new method. Small files are merged before being stored (to solve problems caused by too many small files). However, as a result, TiDB clusters of the earlier version are not compatible with backup data generated in v6.3 clusters. See the following table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In v6.3.0, backup files generated after PITR are compressed in a new method. Small files are merged before being stored (to solve problems caused by too many small files). However, TiDB clusters of the earlier version are not compatible with backup data generated in v6.3 clusters. See the following table:
```
